              APPEARANCE     $  WGT MAT PRB   HARD SPECIAL                      *
dilith cryst white gem    * 4.5   1 GEM 27+                                     wh
diamond      white gem    * 4.0   1 GEM 24+   yes                               wh
ruby         red gem      * 3.5   1 GEM 21+   yes                               re
jacinth stne orange gem   * 3.2   1 GEM 18+   yes                               or
sapphire     blue gem     * 3.0   1 GEM 15+   yes                               bl
black opal   black gem    * 2.5   1 GEM 12+   yes                               bk
emerald      green gem    * 2.5   1 GEM  9+   yes                               gr
turquoise st green/blue   * 2.0   1 GEM  6+                                     bm
citrine stne yellow gem   * 1.5   1 GEM  3+                                     ye
aquamarine s green/blue   * 1.5   1 GEM       yes                               bm
amber stone  yllwish brwn * 1.0   1 GEM                                         br
topaz stone  yllwish brwn * 900   1 GEM       yes                               br
jet stone    black gem    * 850   1 GEM                                         bk
opal         white gem    * 800   1 GEM                                         wh
chrysobryl s yellow gem   * 700   1 GEM                                         ye
garnet stone red gem      * 700   1 GEM                                         re
amethyst stn violet gem   * 600   1 GEM            booze => fruit juice         ma
jasper stone red gem      * 500   1 GEM                                         re
fluorite stn gr/blu/wh/vi * 400   1 GEM                                         bm
jade stone   green gem    * 300   1 GEM                                         gr
obsidian stn black gem    * 200   1 GEM                                         bk
agate stone  orange gem   * 200   1 GEM                                         or
wrthless gla white gem    *   0   1 GLA                                         wh
wrthless gla blue gem     *   0   1 GLA                                         bl
wrthless gla red gem      *   0   1 GLA                                         re
wrthless gla yllwish brwn *   0   1 GLA                                         br
wrthless gla orange gem   *   0   1 GLA                                         or
wrthless gla yellow gem   *   0   1 GLA                                         ye
wrthless gla black gem    *   0   1 GLA                                         bk
wrthless gla green gem    *   0   1 GLA                                         gr
wrthless gla violet gem   *   0   1 GLA                                         ma
luckstone    gray stone   *  60  10 MIN                                         gy!
loadstone    gray stone   *   1 500 MIN                                         gy!
touchstone   gray stone   *  45  10 MIN                                         gy!
flint stone  gray stone   *   1  10 MIN                                         gy
rock         rock         *   0  10 MIN                                         gy*
